add chap2-preliminaries of paddle (#1103)
d2l-ai/d2l-zh: chapter_preliminaries/calculus.md

#@tab tensorflow
%matplotlib inline
from d2l import tensorflow as d2l
from matplotlib_inline import backend_inline
import numpy as np

def f(x):
    return 3 * x ** 2 - 4 * x
```

```{.python .input}
#@tab paddle

> %matplotlib inline
> import numpy as np
> from IPython import display
> from matplotlib import pyplot as plt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
%matplotlib inline
from d2l import paddle as d2l
from matplotlib_inline import backend_inline
import numpy as np
```
